ALBY_SETUP.md, before:

# Getting Your Alby Hub API Token

## 🎯 Quick Summary

**Where to Find It**:
1. Go to your Alby Hub dashboard
2. Click **App Store** (in main menu)
3. Click **"Connect"** or **"Add New App"**
4. Name it: `Fulmine-Sparks`
5. Select permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices** (required)
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices** (required)
6. Copy the token (shown only once!)

---

## Step-by-Step Guide

### 1. Access Your Alby Hub Dashboard

1. Go to your Alby Hub instance
   - If self-hosted: `https://your-alby-hub-domain.com`
   - If using Alby's hosted: `https://hub.getalby.com`

2. Log in with your credentials

### 2. Navigate to App Store

1. Click on **App Store** (in the main menu)
2. Look for **"Connect"** or **"Add App"** button
3. You should see an option to create a new connection

### 3. Create a New App Connection

1. Click **"Connect"** or **"Add New App"**
2. Give it a name: `Fulmine-Sparks`
3. Select the required permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices** - To create Lightning invoices
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices** - To check invoice status
   - ❌ Do NOT select: Isolate, Read balance, Read node info, Read transaction history, sign messages, receive wallet notifications, send payments

4. Click **"Create"** or **"Connect"**

### 4. Copy Your Token

⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: The token will only be shown ONCE!

1. Copy the entire token string
2. Save it somewhere safe (password manager, secure note, etc.)
3. Do NOT share this token with anyone

The token will look something like:
```
eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyfQ.SflKxwRJSMeKKF2QT4fwpMeJf36POk6yJV_adQssw5c
```

## Setting Up in AWS Lambda

### Option 1: AWS Console (Easiest)

1. Go to AWS Lambda Console
2. Find your `fulmine-sparks` function
3. Click on **Configuration** tab
4. Click on **Environment variables**
5. Click **Edit**
6. Click **Add environment variable**
7. Set:
   - **Key**: `ALBY_API_TOKEN`
   - **Value**: `[paste your token here]`
8. Click **Save**

### Option 2: AWS CLI

```bash
aws lambda update-function-configuration \
  --function-name fulmine-sparks \
  --environment Variables={ALBY_API_TOKEN=your_token_here} \
  --region us-east-2
```

### Option 3: Using AWS Secrets Manager (More Secure)

1. Go to AWS Secrets Manager
2. Click **Store a new secret**
3. Choose **Other type of secret**
4. Add key-value pair:
   - **Key**: `ALBY_API_TOKEN`
   - **Value**: `[paste your token]`
5. Name it: `fulmine-sparks/alby-token`
6. Update Lambda to read from Secrets Manager

## Testing Your Token

### Test Locally

```bash
# Set the environment variable
export ALBY_API_TOKEN="your_token_here"

# Test the billing module
python3 << 'EOF'
from billing import AlbyBillingClient, calculate_image_price

# Test connection
client = AlbyBillingClient()
print("✅ Connected to Alby Hub!")

# Test pricing calculation
pricing = calculate_image_price(1)
print(f"Price for 1 image: {pricing['total_sats']} sats")

# Test invoice creation
invoice = client.create_invoice(
    amount_sats=100,
    description="Test invoice"
)
print(f"Invoice created: {invoice.get('payment_hash', 'error')}")
EOF
```

### Test in Lambda

1. Deploy the updated zip file
2. Go to Lambda Console
3. Click **Test**
4. Create a test event:
```json
{
  "httpMethod": "POST",
  "path": "/api/v1/services/image/generate",
  "body": "{\"prompt\": \"test\", \"model\": \"seedream-4.5\", \"num_outputs\": 1}"
}
```
5. Click **Test**
6. Check the response for invoice data

## Troubleshooting

### "ALBY_API_TOKEN not set"

**Solution**: Make sure the environment variable is set in Lambda:
1. Go to Lambda Configuration → Environment variables
2. Verify `ALBY_API_TOKEN` is there
3. Verify the value is not empty
4. Redeploy the function

### "Invalid token"

**Solution**: Token may be expired or incorrect:
1. Go back to Alby Hub Settings
2. Check if the token is still valid
3. Create a new token if needed
4. Update Lambda environment variable

### "Connection refused"

**Solution**: Alby Hub URL may be wrong:
1. Check your Alby Hub URL is correct
2. Make sure it's accessible from Lambda
3. If self-hosted, verify firewall rules
4. Set `ALBY_HUB_URL` environment variable if using custom URL

### "Permission error"

**Solution**: Token doesn't have required permissions:
1. Go to Alby Hub App Store
2. Delete the old connection
3. Create a new connection with both permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices**
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices**

## Security Best Practices

✅ **DO**:
- Store token in Lambda environment variables or Secrets Manager
- Use minimal required scopes
- Rotate tokens periodically
- Monitor token usage

❌ **DON'T**:
- Commit token to GitHub
- Share token with others
- Use in client-side code
- Log the token in CloudWatch

## Environment Variables Reference

```bash
# Required
ALBY_API_TOKEN="your_token_here"

# Optional (if using self-hosted Alby Hub)
ALBY_HUB_URL="https://your-alby-hub.com"

# Optional (for custom BTC price)
BTC_PRICE_USD="67000"
```

## Alby Hub Resources

- **Alby Hub Docs**: https://docs.getalby.com/
- **Alby API Reference**: https://guides.getalby.com/developer-guide/
- **Alby GitHub**: https://github.com/getAlby

## Next Steps

1. ✅ Get your API token from Alby Hub
2. ✅ Set `ALBY_API_TOKEN` in Lambda environment
3. ✅ Deploy updated zip file
4. ✅ Test with `python3 client.py generate "test" 1`
5. ✅ Verify invoice appears in response

---

**Need Help?**
- Check Alby Hub documentation: https://docs.getalby.com/
- Check Lambda logs in CloudWatch
- Verify token has correct scopes

Commit message:

Update to use NWC Connection String instead of REST API token
- Alby Hub is NWC-first (Nostr Wallet Connect)
- NWC Connection String is the correct authentication method
- Update environment variable to ALBY_NWC_URL
- Update billing client to use NWC URL
- Add helpful error message with setup instructions
- Update documentation with NWC format examples

ALBY_SETUP.md, after:

# Getting Your Alby Hub NWC Connection String

## 🎯 Quick Summary

**What You Need**:
- A **NWC Connection String** (Nostr Wallet Connect)
- This is what Alby Hub uses for API authentication

**Where to Find It**:
1. Go to your Alby Hub dashboard
2. Click **App Store** (in main menu)
3. Click **"Connect"** or **"Add New App"**
4. Name it: `Fulmine-Sparks`
5. Select permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices** (required)
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices** (required)
6. Copy the **NWC Connection String** (shown only once!)
   - It looks like: `nostr+walletconnect://...`

---

## Step-by-Step Guide

### 1. Access Your Alby Hub Dashboard

1. Go to your Alby Hub instance
   - If self-hosted: `https://your-alby-hub-domain.com`
   - If using Alby's hosted: `https://hub.getalby.com`

2. Log in with your credentials

### 2. Navigate to App Store

1. Click on **App Store** (in the main menu)
2. Look for **"Connect"** or **"Add App"** button
3. You should see an option to create a new connection

### 3. Create a New App Connection

1. Click **"Connect"** or **"Add New App"**
2. Give it a name: `Fulmine-Sparks`
3. Select the required permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices** - To create Lightning invoices
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices** - To check invoice status
   - ❌ Do NOT select: Isolate, Read balance, Read node info, Read transaction history, sign messages, receive wallet notifications, send payments

4. Click **"Create"** or **"Connect"**

### 4. Copy Your NWC Connection String

⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: The connection string will only be shown ONCE!

1. Copy the entire **NWC Connection String**
2. Save it somewhere safe (password manager, secure note, etc.)
3. Do NOT share this string with anyone

The NWC Connection String will look something like:
```
nostr+walletconnect://abc123def456...?relay=wss://relay.getalby.com/v1&secret=xyz789
```

**This is your API token** - it's what you'll use to authenticate with Alby Hub!

## Setting Up in AWS Lambda

### Option 1: AWS Console (Easiest)

1. Go to AWS Lambda Console
2. Find your `fulmine-sparks` function
3. Click on **Configuration** tab
4. Click on **Environment variables**
5. Click **Edit**
6. Click **Add environment variable**
7. Set:
   - **Key**: `ALBY_NWC_URL`
   - **Value**: `[paste your NWC Connection String here]`
   - Example: `nostr+walletconnect://abc123...?relay=wss://relay.getalby.com/v1&secret=xyz789`
8. Click **Save**

### Option 2: AWS CLI

```bash
aws lambda update-function-configuration \
  --function-name fulmine-sparks \
  --environment Variables={ALBY_NWC_URL=nostr+walletconnect://...} \
  --region us-east-2
```

### Option 3: Using AWS Secrets Manager (More Secure)

1. Go to AWS Secrets Manager
2. Click **Store a new secret**
3. Choose **Other type of secret**
4. Add key-value pair:
   - **Key**: `ALBY_API_TOKEN`
   - **Value**: `[paste your token]`
5. Name it: `fulmine-sparks/alby-token`
6. Update Lambda to read from Secrets Manager

## Testing Your Token

### Test Locally

```bash
# Set the environment variable
export ALBY_API_TOKEN="your_token_here"

# Test the billing module
python3 << 'EOF'
from billing import AlbyBillingClient, calculate_image_price

# Test connection
client = AlbyBillingClient()
print("✅ Connected to Alby Hub!")

# Test pricing calculation
pricing = calculate_image_price(1)
print(f"Price for 1 image: {pricing['total_sats']} sats")

# Test invoice creation
invoice = client.create_invoice(
    amount_sats=100,
    description="Test invoice"
)
print(f"Invoice created: {invoice.get('payment_hash', 'error')}")
EOF
```

### Test in Lambda

1. Deploy the updated zip file
2. Go to Lambda Console
3. Click **Test**
4. Create a test event:
```json
{
  "httpMethod": "POST",
  "path": "/api/v1/services/image/generate",
  "body": "{\"prompt\": \"test\", \"model\": \"seedream-4.5\", \"num_outputs\": 1}"
}
```
5. Click **Test**
6. Check the response for invoice data

## Troubleshooting

### "ALBY_API_TOKEN not set"

**Solution**: Make sure the environment variable is set in Lambda:
1. Go to Lambda Configuration → Environment variables
2. Verify `ALBY_API_TOKEN` is there
3. Verify the value is not empty
4. Redeploy the function

### "Invalid token"

**Solution**: Token may be expired or incorrect:
1. Go back to Alby Hub Settings
2. Check if the token is still valid
3. Create a new token if needed
4. Update Lambda environment variable

### "Connection refused"

**Solution**: Alby Hub URL may be wrong:
1. Check your Alby Hub URL is correct
2. Make sure it's accessible from Lambda
3. If self-hosted, verify firewall rules
4. Set `ALBY_HUB_URL` environment variable if using custom URL

### "Permission error"

**Solution**: Token doesn't have required permissions:
1. Go to Alby Hub App Store
2. Delete the old connection
3. Create a new connection with both permissions:
   - ✅ **Create invoices**
   - ✅ **Look up Status of Invoices**

## Security Best Practices

✅ **DO**:
- Store token in Lambda environment variables or Secrets Manager
- Use minimal required scopes
- Rotate tokens periodically
- Monitor token usage

❌ **DON'T**:
- Commit token to GitHub
- Share token with others
- Use in client-side code
- Log the token in CloudWatch

## Environment Variables Reference

```bash
# Required - Your NWC Connection String from Alby Hub
ALBY_NWC_URL="nostr+walletconnect://abc123...?relay=wss://relay.getalby.com/v1&secret=xyz789"

# Optional (for custom BTC price)
BTC_PRICE_USD="67000"
```

## Alby Hub Resources

- **Alby Hub Docs**: https://docs.getalby.com/
- **Alby API Reference**: https://guides.getalby.com/developer-guide/
- **Alby GitHub**: https://github.com/getAlby

## Next Steps

1. ✅ Get your API token from Alby Hub
2. ✅ Set `ALBY_API_TOKEN` in Lambda environment
3. ✅ Deploy updated zip file
4. ✅ Test with `python3 client.py generate "test" 1`
5. ✅ Verify invoice appears in response

---

**Need Help?**
- Check Alby Hub documentation: https://docs.getalby.com/
- Check Lambda logs in CloudWatch
- Verify token has correct scopes
